---
title: About
---
Abigail’s Driving School was started in 2012 by two Virginia Commonwealth University students. After both received traffic infractions, they had to attend a court mandated driver improvement class. During this class, they noticed Spanish speakers had to get an interpreter, which meant they would pay for the interpreter in addition to the class or pay an extra fee to cover the the translated material. 

The students were inspired to create a driving school that could offer classes in both Spanish and English at an affordable price . As a result, Abigail's Driving School has been the first and remains the premier provider of English-and-Spanish-language driving education in the Richmond Metropolitan Area.

Abigail's Driving School, under the leadership of its owner, Mohamed Abbamin, is presently providing pro-bono behind-the-wheel lessons to unaccompanied refugee minors in the foster care system through the Commonwealth Catholic Charities in Richmond, Virginia. Often, these children, settled through the United Nations, arrive in the United States without their parents and are placed in foster homes where they receive support and care as they adapt to their new lives in the U.S. 

A﻿s a refugee himself, Mohamed Abbamin has dedicated majority of his time to teach driver education for this initiative. W﻿e believe, in order to create change - sacrifice something of your own and make the changes that are needed. The costs to fund driver education for children that are in foster care has created roadblocks to driving for foster youth nationwide. We are doing our part to create access.